it's day three so fortunate still
whoreson elves haven't pulled the single
one yet so i think i'm good to play a
three card deck if that's possible but
here's pack three come on baby you miss
me stuff all elf pack I'm seeing
gobbling at you wanted me so we crest
for the higher man's a touch of moon
glove subterranean Scouts are the crow
and jailer you have a sports mage that's
right I got oh we've got to Givens whoop
maritime guard stalwart avin return to
centaur ring aboard an owl mantle of
webs pointer of champions Knightly valor
shaman of the back sweet for my to javas
force mages take that to damage or three
and another blue rare will breaker
whenever a creature an opponent controls
becomes the target of a speller ability
you control gain control of that target
for as long as you control will breaker
two three four five yeah hey blue you
Bob Lewis your favorite I know I love
thinking I'll of thinking and telling
people no gets me off all right so we
got grass with a higher man sir Knight
snare orchard spirit aspiring arenot
titan strength read the bones calculated
dismissal letter or empath we'll put
that in my pile lined s ascetic seismic
elemental chief of the foundry reclusive
artificer dark petition we both have one
bring it what oil heavy infantry what
you can Justin see now I mean could you
turn off your words with friends alert
Spielberg didn't ever put over this